The sea sparkled in the sunlight.
The sirens went off in the middle of the night and woke us all up.
I went to the store and bought two bananas, a pear, and three apples.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
We would move to a nicer house if we had more money.
We're coming to get you.
You can bring it back if you don't like it.
There is a huge market for coffee.
Property values will go up.
She had never read any Nabokov, though she knew he was a classic writer.
It's the biggest house in the neighborhood.
Mary enjoys cooking.
The price includes the postage stamp.
His parents went to Madrid for the week, so he threw a part and invited half the school.
Everything you've ever wanted is right in front of you.
Our new car is not very nice.
Do you think it's too aggressive to sue?
Do you think you're a bigger man than him?
Keep your hands to yourself!
Can you help me?
We never found a body.
We just have to wait for things to happen sometimes.
He drives to work.
You will soon be used to living in a big city.
New York is called the Big Apple.
They made crispy chicken.
He’s in a class of his own.
He had an old pickup truck and a big, battered mower.
You're making a big fuss about nothing.
She has the big room entirely to herself.
She went to Oktoberfest and got drunk on half a stein of beer.
She didn't know what else she could have done.
This shouldn't be a big deal.
They may come in handy one day.
My dad never works on the weekends.
He didn't mean to smash the window.
Please don't touch that!
Never do that again!
Look at the blackboard!
I've got a surprise for you.
He was in desperate need of a Christmas miracle.
She bought the book because she liked the movie, not realizing the two were very different.
Orange juice is much better with the pulp in it.
I felt sort of sick.
I only eat fish.
When I was a kid, I wanted to be a doctor, but now that I'm an adult, I don't want to do anything.
Tom took a gulp of his drink.
This jacket is a little too thick.
I do love my new pets.
You know what I mean.
He went fast downhill on his sled.
He’s a natural.
I'm not a fan of writing letters.
He is opening the door.
This box is three times as big as that one.
She is with another man.
She constantly worried about accidentally burning her house down.
She liked the coffee shop, but the prices were too high for her to justify for herself.
How beautiful she is!
Is it dangerous for dogs to eat onions?
You may take either the big box or the small one.
The conversion rate of USD to Chinese RMB is approximately 1:6.
Talking with you is a pleasure.
It is time to embrace the adventure.
You can't talk to me unless you tell me your favorite color.
I always overpack,.
It rather suprised me.
Her face turned red because she was embarrassed.
Don't blame her for her own death.
My water bottle is white and made of steel.
The fire alarm was broken, but nobody knew.
Everyone who got eliminated in red-light green-light got to go inside and eat cookies.
I have an ever growing list of to-do items.
My mom made a milkshake with frozen bananas and chocolate sauce.
He wanted to give his boyfriend a hug, but he was in Slovakia.
My glass of water broke when it fell off the table.
If you could go anywhere on vacation, where would you go?
We saw her duck.
Donuts with cream are nasty.
Please, take pity on me!
To give you an example of another American voice, here is a young lady from Iowa who will teach you.
You are bringing unresolved emotion into everything.
He gets up early every day.
Talking with you is a pleasure.
He was devastated when the Kardashians announced they were cancelling their TV show.
Corduroy and double-denim are back in.
They can be taught to feed themselves if you allow them access to your pantry.
It's the biggest sports shop in the region.
She knew she should apply to jobs, but she was so tired, she really just wanted to take a day off.
He is with another woman.
It is hard to be a writer if you don't do anything but read books.
I have a good idea.
Sue was her favorite classmate.
She wondered how many people actually bought the perch they kept behind the counter at coffee shops.
In China, they eat watermelon with salt on it, because they say it makes things taste sweeter.
The truck has a missile on the back.
How dare you!
Hand me the hammer!
My mom made a milkshake with frozen bananas and chocolate sauce.
We are going to the hospital tonight.
She didn't know if it was an ethical issue that she wasn't disclosing certain information.
I wish I had never gone surfing that day.
She was curling her hair when she accidentally burned her forehead.
We weren't in the best place.
It would be quite impossible to enumerate all the things in existence.
I can't believe you went skydiving last week.
The mailbox was bent and broken and looked like someone had knocked it over on purpose.
The bus went roaring by her window at 6 am.
A hunch is an instinctive feeling.
The computer is dying on me.
That club is way too loud.
She run across the soccer field like a duck.
I'm asking as a friend.
I really need to lose some weight.
He’s as proud as a peacock.
Her friend had a white Persian cat called Milky Boy.
Can I lick the bottom of the ice cream container?
I felt sort of sick.
Don’t worry, be happy!